Docs: Add refrences to granite model to community docs (#232)
instructlab/community: README.md

### See your contributions impact an AI model

> The models Merlinite-7b and Granite-7b builds regularly. Sometime after your pull request is merged, Merlinite is updated and you can see locally that the model improved with the skill or knowledge you taught it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Merlinite-7b and Granite-7b models are built regularly. Sometime after your pull request is merged, Merlinite is updated and you can see locally that the model improved with the skill or knowledge you taught it.
```

Author: I usually prefer active voice when I can, but lemme see if I can re word something

Reviewer: Honestly just an idea from me - I trust your judgement!
